[DNS] Go-live updates (#3406)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/cache/src/content/best-practices/always-online.md

Observe the following best practices when enabling Always Online with Internet Archive integration.

> - **Allow requests from Cloudflare IP addresses.** Origin servers for domains [proxied through Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/zone-setups/full-setup#h_815d1b1e-74cf-4a5f-b477-e441a76ac3fd) receive requests from Cloudflare IP addresses. To avoid blocking these requests, follow the guidelines for [allowing Cloudflare IP addresses](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/201897700). When you observe the Always Online banner while your origin web server is online, your origin web server or hosting provider is likely blocking or rate limiting Cloudflare requests.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Allow requests from Cloudflare IP addresses.** Origin servers for domains [proxied through Cloudflare](https://developers.cloudflare.com/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/proxied-dns-records) receive requests from Cloudflare IP addresses. To avoid blocking these requests, follow the guidelines for [allowing Cloudflare IP addresses](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/201897700). When you observe the Always Online banner while your origin web server is online, your origin web server or hosting provider is likely blocking or rate limiting Cloudflare requests.
```
